Add Swift code style-guide for review by iOS devs (#273)
okta/okta-oidc-ios: Swift code guidelines.md

### Swift code guidelines

- [1. Code formatting](#code-formatting)
- [2. Naming](#naming)
- [3. Coding Style](#coding-style)
- [4. Don'ts](#don'ts)

#### 1. Code Formatting

1.1 Use 4 spaces to indent lines.
1.2. Trim trailing whitespaces (`Xcode` -> `Preferences` -> `Text Editing` -> `Automatically trim trailing whitespace` + `Including whitespace-only lines`).
1.3. No space before colon and one space after it. Exceptions are the ternary operator `? :`, empty dictionary `[:]` and `#selector` syntax `addTarget(_:action:)`.

**Preferred:**
```swift
let fooDictionary: [String: Any]
let testValue: Double
func handle(response: Response)
```
1.4. No semicolons at the end of line.
1.5. Use Xcode indentation (`Command-A`, `Command-I`).

#### 2. Naming

2.1. Use `CamelCase` for types and protocols; `lowerCamelCase` for everything else (function, method, property, constant, variable, argument names, enum case).
2.2. Start factory methods with word `make`.
2.3. Choose clarity over brevity. 
2.4. Name booleans like `isAuthenticated` instead of `authenticated`. 

> 2.5. Name function parameters. 

Reviewer: I'd say we should allow for exceptions where appropriate, e.g. where the first argument is plainly related to the function in some way, and where a named argument would make readability suffer.

Author: @mikenachbaur-okta Updated.

```swift
sendRequest(request) { response, error in
 ...
}
```
**Not Preferred:**
```swift
sendRequest(request, completion: { response, error in
 ...
})
```

3.12. Use multi-line string literal.

**Preferred:**
```swift
let testOktaToken = """
    Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. \
    Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, \
    when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make \
    a type specimen book.
    """
```

3.13. Use multi-line `guard` statements.

**Preferred:**
```swift
guard let user = response["user"] as? User,
      let username = user.username
else {
    return
}
```
**Not preferred:**
```swift
guard let user = response["user"] as? User, let username = user.username else {
    return
}

guard let user = response["user"] as? User,
      let username = user.username else {
    return
}
```

3.14. Use [XCTUnwrap](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/3380195-xctunwrap) instead of forced unwrapping in tests.

#### 4. Don'ts

4.1. Don't use `fatalError` or `precondition`. Prefer `assert` if it is recoverable case. If not, handle it in proper way. 

> 4.2. Avoid implicit unwrapping unless you're 100% sure that a value exists. Implicit unwrapping causes crash if a value is `nil`. Therefore, handle unsuccess paths in code (e.g. logging, return an error etc.).  

Reviewer 2: I would make this stronger. 
```suggestion
4.2. Avoid implicit unwrapping (`!`), as this will cause a crash if a value is `nil`. Unwrap using `guard let` or `if let` and handle error cases in code as appropriate (e.g. logging, return an error etc.).  
```

4.3. Don't leave unused or dead code.
4.3. Don't leave commented out code.
4.4. Don't use `DispatchQueue.main.asyncAfter` to fix the issues via delays.

> 4.5. Don't include your name into source code. Use common copyrigth header. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4.5. Don't include your name in source code. Use the common copyright header. 
```

2.2. Start factory methods with word `make`.
2.3. Choose clarity over brevity. 
2.4. Name booleans like `isAuthenticated` instead of `authenticated`. 
2.5. Name function parameters where it is appropriate. 

**Preferred:**
```swift
func move(from start: Point, to end: Point)

> func makeRequest(withTimeout timeout: TimeInterval, headers: [String: String])

Reviewer: This is the same as the equivalent one in the Not Preferred section

Author: You have an eagle eye :) Thanks! 
I fixed that.
